Quick starter guide
	1. There are four modes the user can enter a character to text inputs in the program: 
		(1) Regular mode (a➤a) is the normal input mode of your computer. Nothing is added to the process. It is suitable for entering plain English and non-Roman text.
		(2) Unused-characters mode (x➤ā) utilizes unused English characters for some Pāli letters with diacritics. Here are the program's default mapping: x=ā, X=ī, w=ṃ, W=ū, f=ñ, F=ṅ, q=ṭ, Q=ḍ, z=ṇ, Z=ḷ. This mode includes two special keys for making a character under cursor uppercase (<) and lowercase (>). All these keys can be set by the user. See the program's Settings for more information.
		(3) Composite mode (ā➤ā) is an intuitive way to enter a diacritic mark. Here are the program's preset: ~ = tilde, - = macron, " = dot above, . = dot below, ' = acute, ` = Roman avagraha. The mapping can be set otherwise in the program's Settings.
		(4) SLP1 mode (SLP) is a convenient way to enter Devanāgarī and Roman text (see the mapping in Skt. Letters). To use with Devanāgarī, you need also the Virāma key (set to ` by default). To enter an independent vowel, you have to precede it with a backslash (\). To use with Roman, L is mapped to ḻ in IAST but ḷ in Pāli mode. See also the Settings.
	2. These modes can be switched circularly by the button marked with the mode's symbol, or pressing Ctrl-Space. In Sanskrit tools, the unused-characters mode is not applicable.
	3. Other script than Roman and Devanāgarī can be entered by your system keyboard layouts. Hence, the regular mode (a➤a) must be used.
	4. The program provided embedded Roman (DejaVu family) and some external fonts in directory 'fonts' at the program's root. The user can add more fonts (only ttf) there, particularly when non-Roman scripts are displayed unexpectedly. However, if your system has fonts installed, you can select a generic font from the menu, i.e., serif, sans-serif, or monospace.
	5. If the program lingers when closing, try locking databases in Dict, Lucene, DPD, and Sanskrit menu. This should be done when no further need for Dict data, Lister tables, and DPD tables (e.g. deconstructor) to be created.
	6. When the program is launched, it is better to wait a few second to make sure that the UI components are ready to display properly.
